# Code book: Getting and Cleaning Data
## Course Project - Tidy Data

This file describes all parameters generated by our project which used part of the wearable computing dataset. (See http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones). Description and explanations are also included in this site. One may also read features_info.txt to get more information.
The file TidyData1.txt contains the data created by our project according to the demamnds. One of which was to use as variables, the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. The goal is to calculate the **average** of each variable for each activity and each subject. And so, this is the data contained in this file.

This is the list of variable as extracted and made legal:  
tBodyAcc.std...X  
tBodyAcc.std...Y  
tBodyAcc.std...Z  
tGravityAcc.std...X  
tGravityAcc.std...Y  
tGravityAcc.std...Z  
tBodyAccJerk.std...X  
tBodyAccJerk.std...Y  
tBodyAccJerk.std...Z  
tBodyGyro.std...X  
tBodyGyro.std...Y  
tBodyGyro.std...Z  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...X  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z  
tBodyAccMag.std..  
tGravityAccMag.std..  
tBodyAccJerkMag.std..  
tBodyGyroMag.std..  
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..  
fBodyAcc.std...X  
fBodyAcc.std...Y  
fBodyAcc.std...Z  
fBodyAccJerk.std...X  
fBodyAccJerk.std...Y  
fBodyAccJerk.std...Z  
fBodyGyro.std...X  
fBodyGyro.std...Y  
fBodyGyro.std...Z  
fBodyAccMag.std..  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..  
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..  
tBodyAcc.mean...X  
tBodyAcc.mean...Y  
tBodyAcc.mean...Z  
tGravityAcc.mean...X  
tGravityAcc.mean...Y  
tGravityAcc.mean...Z  
tBodyAccJerk.mean...X  
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y  
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z  
tBodyGyro.mean...X  
tBodyGyro.mean...Y  
tBodyGyro.mean...Z  
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X  
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Y  
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z  
tBodyAccMag.mean..  
tGravityAccMag.mean..  
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..  
tBodyGyroMag.mean..  
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..  
fBodyAcc.mean...X  
fBodyAcc.mean...Y  
fBodyAcc.mean...Z  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...X  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z  
fBodyGyro.mean...X  
fBodyGyro.mean...Y  
fBodyGyro.mean...Z  
fBodyAccMag.mean..  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..  
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..  
For example:  
tBodyAcc-std()-X -> tBodyAcc.std...X  
tBodyAccMag-mean() -> tBodyAccMag.mean..  

The rest of variables are treated the same way.  
The meaning of each variable is the same, of course.